Hi within this lecture we're going to set our table view up so that we can use it in our view controller
and also we're going to find some Simpson images and names and jobs.
So first of all I suggest you pause the video and do the table view set up on your own.
This is going to be exactly the same way that we have done in the landmark book application.
So pulls the video and tried to do it on your own.
I hope you made it.
If so congratulations.
If you couldn't.
Just don't worry I'm going to show you how it's done.
So remember we had to add the UI table view delegate and UI table view data source in here.
So this will make our real controller at delegates and data source of our table view and this will give
us a chance to reach those functions related to table views.
And remember we have to call two functions in here in order to make this work.
And those are number of rows in section and S4 for row at index path.
OK.
And that's how we set our table view up.
Later on when we create our model we will do the related adjustments so that we can display the data
in table view as well.
So how do we do it.
Remember we can come over here and say a number of rows in section.
OK so this one double click on this and we'll bring up the function.
And here we have to return the number.
So this number will be 10 right now.
Later on we're going to adjust it and we have to call for cell for all at index path.
Okay.
That's where we have to return this cell.
So I'm going to create a cell first and in order to create a cell you can just say right left so is
a UI table view cell OK.
UI table to use cell and we can just display it taxing here by saying out tax labeled up text is test
our Simpson or Homer Simpson.
Okay.
And then we can return this cell.
And of course this is going to be adjusted later on according to our race.
Right now we are done.
But let us see if this works and this won't work.
Maybe you realize that I forgot something.
So let's run and see if this display Homer Simpson ten times.
And as you can see we're just seeing some empty rows because I forgot to make our day table with data
saws and table view delegates to equal to self to weave controller in order to do that.
Come over here and say Say believed that data source is self and table we you dot delegate is again
self.
So this will make our controller to day delegate and data source off our table view.
So now if I run this on my simulator I will see Homer Simpson ten times.
So this is exactly what we want.
Now it's time to really find some Simpsons and show them in our table view rather than having some test
dummy variables in here.
And even though we're just going to display the names in the tables view we're going to need some images
and jobs as well.
Remember in our details view controller we're going to display the name and the job and the image.
So here comes the boring part we have to go to the Google and find some images and names and jobs.
So re going to do that step by step again.
So let me go to Google and you can just search for Simpsons or Simpsons characters.
OK.
So it's not going to be South Park characters.
It's going to be Simpsons characters.
Of course it doesn't necessarily matter so you can just go for South Park as well.
But I'm going to go for a Simpsons because we made something with South Park right.
And this is good.
So we're looking something like this.
Something like this image.
So let me go to this Homer Simpson are out.
I believe there is a Vicky for Simpsons here weakest Simpsons.
OK so I'm going to go to this weekend Simpsons so maybe we can get a lot more information regarding
two Simpsons like we going to need the job.
But maybe you want to display other features like birth place or I don't know maybe birth day as well.
So I'm going to save this file.
So let me see Homer Simpson is in my downloads and we can get the jobs and other information here from
this Web site as Vo.
If you cannot find this Web site you can just go for Google and just search for Homer Simpson and find
a related image.
So let me search.
Do we have some characters here.
Yeah I believe so.
Let me click on the characters and we have so much characters in the Simpsons.
Yeah I believe Simpson weekly I believe so.
I believe you have to search one by.
For example we have Bart Simpson over here.
Let me click on that one and this doesn't display the Bart Simpson as I wanted to be.
So yeah.
This this one does.
So let me save this file.
OK.
Let me save it to downloads.
And here we go.
Actually job of Bart Simpson should be just students.
So let's go for other characters and just find the images.
We can't really make up the Japs.
You know we're just doing this for an example.
So let me search for Marge Simpson.
OK.
I'm going to download this.
And let me go for Lisa Simpson.
OK.
Let's go for Lisa and save it to downloads.
Let's do one more.
We have Homer Marge Bart and Lisa.
So let's go for the baby.
Her name was Maggie I believe Maggie Simpson.
So not this film maybe we should just write it like Maggie with Jenny.
Yeah.
Maggie Simpson.
Yes.
MARGARET Alan Simpson.
I should have done this in Google really.
So the Simpson weekly thing is a nightmare.
So we have five images I believe that's OK for right now.
So let me rename all of them so this is going to be Bart.
This is going to be Lisa.
This is going to be Maggie.
And this is March.
And finally we have Homer.
So that's good.
And I'm just going to take all of this and I'm going to embed them in my assets folder or here.
OK.
So let me open this drag and drop.
And here we go.
We are ready.
So what are we going to do.
We're going to create a model we're going to create a Simpson class in which we can have these images
in which we can have the jobs and the names as well.
And we know how to do that right.
Because we just got out of objective oriented programming lectures.
So are we going to stop here and then the next lecture where are you going to do this class of Simpson.